Add blog post for Meals for Ukraine (#1501)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/meals-for-ukraine/index.md

date: 2022-05-16T09:00:54+02:00
meta_desc: Buoyant, Civo, Cockroach Labs, Fairwinds, Pulumi, & Jetstack team up to donate to World Central Kitchen to provide meals in response to humanitarian crises.
meta_image: kubecon-ukraine.png
authors:
    - wendy-smith
tags:
    - community
    - pulumi-events
---
Why not do good while learning about cloud native tech? [Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/), [Civo](https://www.civo.com/), [Cockroach Labs](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/), [Fairwinds](https://www.fairwinds.com/), [Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com/), and [Jetstack](https://www.jetstack.io/) have teamed up to donate $2 for each virtual booth visitor to [World Central Kitchen](https://wck.org/) (WCK), a non-profit committed to providing meals in response to humanitarian crises.

<!--more-->
Working with restaurants across Ukraine and in six countries welcoming refugees, WCK is providing hundreds of thousands of daily meals for people in need. WCK serves meals at shelters, hospitals, transit hubs, and more. It's a wonderful mission and, if you agree, we encourage you to [donate to WCK directly](https://donate.wck.org/give/398293#!/donation/checkout) 💙 🇺🇦 💛

> ## Tweets
> 

Reviewer: It's a bit unclear what this heading is for. Do we need it? Maybe just quoting the tweet would be enough? 

```suggestion
```

> {{< tweet id="1510622155775619078" user="pulumipus" >}}

Reviewer: I'm not sure what difference it makes, but I believe this should be the tweet author:

```suggestion
{{< tweet id="1510622155775619078" user="WCKitchen" >}}
```

## How it works

Participating is easy. If you registered for KubeCon, just click on the booth links below to visit our virtual booths. Each visit will count as a $2 donation, so if you visit us all, that's $12 for the cause right there!

Of course, there are many more reasons to visit our booths. You'll find lots of great cloud native resources including demos, tutorials, ebooks, and more. Here are some of the highlights you can expect at each booth.

### Pulumi — Universal Infrastructure as Code

> At [Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com/)’s booth, you'll learn about their cloud engineering platform that brings infrastructure, developer, and security teams together through a unified software engineering process that tames cloud complexity and accelerates innovation. Don't miss Pulumi's Ask an Expert live sessions to hear directly from the engineering team. Whether you want to know more about how to build with Universal Infrastructure as Code in general-purpose programming and markup languages or just learn more about what's on the roadmap, this is your chance to ask anything. [Visit Pulumi today](https://bit.ly/3M5b6Qj)!

Reviewer: Suggest a slight tweak, up to you:

```suggestion
At the [Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com/) booth, you'll learn about our cloud engineering platform, which brings infrastructure, developer, and security teams together through a unified software engineering process that tames cloud complexity and accelerates innovation. Don't miss our Ask an Expert live sessions to hear directly from the engineering team. Whether you want to know more about how to build with Universal Infrastructure as Code in general-purpose programming and markup languages or just learn more about what's on the roadmap, this is your chance to ask us anything. [Visit the Pulumi booth today](https://bit.ly/3M5b6Qj)!
```

Also, these links seems to require sign-in:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/274700/168170277-baccbadf-539d-4da1-b110-c2f4113532fc.png)

Should we mention somewhere briefly (probably under How it Works) that you'll need to be signed in and/or be registered to visit the booth links?

Author: I think it says that at the top when there’s something about being registered for Kubecon?

also these links won’t work even with sign in until Monday i don’t think.

### Buoyant — the creator of Linkerd

> [Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/) is announcing something really exciting: the introduction of *fully managed Linkerd*. You can be one of the first to check out the demo, and you'll also find a ton of service mesh content including a service mesh 101 in English and Spanish , our engineer's guide to mTLS, and details on Buoyant's Service Mesh Academy. For this and more, visit [the Buoyant booth](https://kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe.com/virtual-exhibitor/?v4b4342b0f72f3260e37d74de68eab433fee0c641d933e76d52be7eb34b211371656f07b5a54b2e522db3ac7b27c7d555=908815D44FE61A2E80915ACEC6E64FC9A625809715300E330E9CA19100987FDC5540D5D12FFF991541BCDBA641CF8FDC)!

Reviewer: > fully managed Linkerd

Useful to link "Linkerd"?

> [Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/) is announcing something really exciting: the introduction of *fully managed Linkerd*. You can be one of the first to check out the demo, and you'll also find a ton of service mesh content including a service mesh 101 in English and Spanish , our engineer's guide to mTLS, and details on Buoyant's Service Mesh Academy. For this and more, visit [the Buoyant booth](https://kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe.com/virtual-exhibitor/?v4b4342b0f72f3260e37d74de68eab433fee0c641d933e76d52be7eb34b211371656f07b5a54b2e522db3ac7b27c7d555=908815D44FE61A2E80915ACEC6E64FC9A625809715300E330E9CA19100987FDC5540D5D12FFF991541BCDBA641CF8FDC)!

Reviewer: The "engineer's guide" sounds like it might be a title of something -- is it? (Right now it reads a bit like "a guide one of our engineers wrote on mTLS".)

```suggestion
[Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/) is announcing something really exciting: the introduction of *fully managed Linkerd*. You can be one of the first to check out the demo, and you'll also find a ton of service mesh content including a service mesh 101 in English and Spanish, their Engineer's Guide to mTLS, and details on Buoyant's Service Mesh Academy. For this and more, visit [the Buoyant booth](https://kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe.com/virtual-exhibitor/?v4b4342b0f72f3260e37d74de68eab433fee0c641d933e76d52be7eb34b211371656f07b5a54b2e522db3ac7b27c7d555=908815D44FE61A2E80915ACEC6E64FC9A625809715300E330E9CA19100987FDC5540D5D12FFF991541BCDBA641CF8FDC)!
```

>our engineer's guide

Ours, or theirs?

Author: Basically the words for each vendor are written by that vendor so we shouldn’t change them- and each of these vendors is doing a similar post with the same format and i think @wamazonsmith-web wrote the collaboratively with them

Author: But yeah it should be third party voice

### Civo — Fast Simple, Managed Kubernetes

Stop by the [Civo](https://www.civo.com/) booth for live sessions on how to get the most out of your Kubernetes environment - including demos, Civo marketplace walkthroughs and an inside look at how they live-provision a private region. You'll find lots of resources and friendly team members to answer any questions on Civo’s easy-to-use managed Kubernetes service. It is fully CNCF certified and 100% Kubernetes upstream compatible. [Check out the Civo booth today](http://civo.io/kubecon)!

> ## Cockroach Labs — Build What you Dream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cockroach Labs — Build What you Dream
```

[Fairwinds](http://www.fairwinds.com), a leader in Kubernetes governance providing a unified view between dev, sec, and ops, offers lots of great resources at their virtual booth this KubeCon. You can get a quick tour of Fairwinds Insights, learn about Kubernetes cost savings, how to make Kubernetes service ownership possible, typical Kubernetes security mistakes and much more. Come chat with a friendly Fairwinds engineer to talk about the many great open source solutions including Polaris, Goldilocks, Nova, and Pluto.  [Visit the Fairwinds booth today](https://fairwinds.com/kubecon)!

> ### Pulumi — Universal Infrastructure as Code

Reviewer 2: Given this list isn't in alphabetical order anyway, why not move Pulumi to the top of the list so people see it easier

Author: Changed the order in [`91642ab` (#1501)](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/pull/1501/commits/91642ab3f66c17c3b3162afb619ecdec9db8520b)

[Fairwinds](http://www.fairwinds.com), a leader in Kubernetes governance providing a unified view between dev, sec, and ops, offers lots of great resources at their virtual booth this KubeCon. You can get a quick tour of Fairwinds Insights, learn about Kubernetes cost savings, how to make Kubernetes service ownership possible, typical Kubernetes security mistakes and much more. Come chat with a friendly Fairwinds engineer to talk about the many great open source solutions including Polaris, Goldilocks, Nova, and Pluto.  [Visit the Fairwinds booth today](https://fairwinds.com/kubecon)!

### Jetstack — the creator of cert-manager

> Get more out of cert-manager and find out how  [Jetstack](https://www.jetstack.io/) Secure can eliminate workload misconfigurations and provide full visibility of each certificate across every production cluster. Chat directly to one of the project maintainers and learn to use cert-manager to secure Ingress endpoints and internal workloads using mTLS. [Check out the Jetstack booth today](https://jetstack.io/kubecon)!

Reviewer: Is this this?

```suggestion
Get more out of [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) and find out how  [Jetstack](https://www.jetstack.io/) Secure can eliminate workload misconfigurations and provide full visibility of each certificate across every production cluster. Chat directly to one of the project maintainers and learn to use cert-manager to secure Ingress endpoints and internal workloads using mTLS. [Check out the Jetstack booth today](https://jetstack.io/kubecon)!
```

## Lots of great reasons to visit our booths

> Those are plenty of good reasons to check out the great content of these amazing companies while supporting a wonderful charity that is doing an incredible job at helping the people of Ukraine.

Reviewer: Suggest "these" or "there":

```suggestion
There are plenty of good reasons to check out the great content of these amazing companies while supporting a wonderful charity that is doing an incredible job at helping the people of Ukraine.
```
